Allow drop_table to accept an array of table names (#52773)
rails/rails: activerecord/CHANGELOG.md

> *   Add support to multiple tables to `drop_table` on ActiveRecord.
> 
>     This will allow you to drop multiple tables in a single call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Allow `drop_table` to accept an array of table names.

    This will let you to drop multiple tables in a single call.
```
